- [Ryu] The Astrea Familia.
My most precious friends.
(gentle music)
- How are you doing? You
seem a little off lately.
Is something wrong, Lion?
- Oh no, not really.
- Goodness gracious.
When did the ever so noble
and sophisticated Elf
turn into a lazy bones?
Asleep on her feet, no less.
Why, I could never
hope to achieve
such a magnificent feet mysElf.
- Kaguya, I assure you,
I'm wide awake.
And lose the snarky tone,
it's extremely irritating.
- [Kaguya] My my,
how unsettling.
Whenever did the Elf
acquire the poor etiquette
of a filthy Dwarf?
- Come on, don't
tease her, Kaguya.
Isn't it obvious
that she's distracted
cause she's fallen head over
heels for a sexy dreamboat?
- What? Nonsense, Lyla.
Why must you make
everything so dirty?
I would never in my-
- Aha! Well, so that's
what it was.
How you met,
how you fell in love.
Give me all the
juicy deets later.
- You need to stop it, Alise!
Please do not encourage her.
(Ryu sighs)
(all laughing)
- Alrighty, suppose it's
time we get down to business.
The Guild has reported that
Evilus is up to something.
They're on the Lower Floors.
- [Kaguya] Evilus. You
mean the Rudra Familia?
- Possibly.
It's been a year since the
Nightmare on the 27th Floor
and Evilus has suffered a huge
blow all across the board.
So at this point I'd imagine
they can only operate
in the general vicinity.
- Those jerks really got
their asses handed to them,
didn't they?
But I guess everyone who
allied with the Guild
didn't exactly walk away
unscathed either.
- Hard to imagine what
might have happened
if the Loki Familia-
- [Ryu] Ah, a memory.
Of that fateful day.
- That's what I'm saying!
- Just before disaster struck.
- We owe it all to Braver,
the pride and joy of us Prums.
- Okay, so on that note,
we in the Astrea Familia
shall conduct an investigation
and if we find something
of interest, great.
If we foil the enemy's
plan, that's even better.
But catch the Rudra Familia
and it's party time.
- What an exciting idea.
- No, no!
- Should we happen upon-
- The Rudra Familia, and Jura.
They used that information
to lure us in!
- Yeah, I don't know man.
It seems like
another trap to me,
like that time back
on the 27th Floor.
- Maybe so, but we gotta check
it out.
If it means the prevention
of another tragedy like that
then it's worth it.
- So it's right up your alley.
Got your name on it.
- You know me all too well.
Now, okay guys, pack your stuff.
- Roger.
- All right.
(tense music)
- [Ryu] Wait, no!
Don't go down there!
Kaguya! Lyla!
Neun! Neese!
Asta! Ryana!
Celty! Isuka!
Marrue!
(tense music)
Alise!
(Opening Song)
- She's fast asleep.
This might be the first
time I've ever seen
Miss Ryu let her guard down.
- Alise, please don't go.
- She must be dreaming.
(Bell gasping)
(rumbling)
(Skull sheep growls)
Another Skull Sheep.
Is it alone?
Yeah, I only sense the one.
What do I do?
If it's alone, I should
be able to take it down.
But more of its
friends might show up
when they hear the noise.
(dramatic music)
(Bell shudders)
Move and I'll shoot.
I will kill you!
It's different than the
monsters on the Upper
and Middle Floors.
They swoop in as soon
as they spot their prey.
They're more intelligent down
here
which means there's a
chance this might work.
(dramatic music fades)
It backed down. Thank goodness.
I'll let her rest just a little
longer.
(Ryu snores softly)
(Anya bellows)
(water gushing)
- What the heck happened?
- I gotta ask, has the
Water Capital always looked
like a gaping hole leading
straight to the pit of Hell?
- Truthfully, no.
I don't think I've ever
seen it like this either.
If I had to take a wild guess
I'd say the Floor Boss came
charging through the cavern.
- A Floor Boss from
the Lower Floors
would mean it's Amphisbaena.
Is it possible someone
took that thing out
before we even got here?
- Yeah, so like, where is
the Floor Boss right meow?
Do you think maybe
it bit the dust?
- We don't know
the details for sure.
The adventurers
who are fighting it
might not have even survived.
- Precisely right.
There's only one thing
we know for certain,
whatever it is
that happened here,
unfortunately we arrived
too late to help out.
- [Anya] Ryu oughtta be
down on the 27th Floor!
Let's furrget this
place and get going.
- Easier said than done.
I mean take a look! The
frickin' ground is missing!
What are we supposed to do, huh?
- Well, I suppose that
means we've got no choice
but to scale the cliff.
- Ugh. Are you kitten me?
- Don't worry, there aren't
any monsters around right meow.
So long as none show up, we'll
be good!
My older brother used to
go flying down these walls
by himself all the time,
so we can do it too.
Well, hopefully.
(all sighing)
- Gods dammit!
Fine! Let's just scale the
stupid thing!
- Me-yeah. Can't be that bad,
right?
- Well, worst-case scenario,
we gotta set a few broken bones.
- (shouts) Cat's the
spirit! Meow then, let's go!
(Welf growling)
(dramatic music)
(monster growling)
- Dammit! No matter how many
we kill, they just keep comin'!
(Ouka growling)
- To your left Ouka, and
there's more behind us!
- They've got us surrounded.
There's way too many!
- Don't bother trying
to fight them.
We need to save our strength.
(dramatic music)
(monster snarls)
Their leader's wounded.
Jump ship while we can.
- (panting) This is just the
worst!
It's been nonstop monsters
since we reached the 26th Floor!
At this rate, we won't
have the time or energy
to go looking for Bell.
- You are still hung up on that?
The plan to save Master
Bell was set in stone
the moment we chose
not to turn back.
- Look, I get that you guys
don't wanna leave your
friend behind or whatever,
but how are we supposed
to track him down
if we don't know where to start?
- Moving forward is our only
move.
We can't head back to 24
until the Dungeon
completes its repair cycle.
So we've gotta find
Bell Cranel first.
Then we'll head toward the
safety point on the Lower
Floors.
- Sounds risky.
- [Aisha] That's where we are.
Any adventurer with a
shred of common sense
would know to turn back and
follow the normal route back up.
Let's just hope we run
into him along the way.
- I fear we still haven't
escape the despair,
but why is that?
(water rustling)
(water gushing)
(Aisha grunts)
- (grunts) On your feet!
Something's coming!
(dramatic music)
(Kelpie neighs)
- Is that a Kelpie?
- Kelpies spawn
on the 27th Floor!
I wonder how it got up here?!
(Ouka grunts)
(dramatic music)
- [Welf] Run!
(all panting)
(Aisha gasps)
- Lamias, Afancs, and Dodolas.
Are you kidding me? Those
are all 27th Floor monsters.
- What in the heck is
going on around here?
- Ask the Dungeon!
It's the one who keeps
jerkin' us around after all!
(Kelpie neighs)
(Lamia screeches)
(Aisha and Daphne yell)
(dramatic music)
- (grunts) I swear,
it's like the Dungeon's got
it out for us or something!
- This is kind of excessive,
even for an... (grunts)
(dramatic music)
- You son of a bitch.
- That ore; it's from
the Lower Floors.
What's it doing here?
(Welf grunts)
(Dodola growls)
(Aisha grunts)
(dramatic music)
- What's the matter
with you, Crozzo?!
Get up, you lazy-ass!
- Right (grunts).
(Bors grunting)
- Sounds like someone's
down there.
- It might be an adventure on
their way to the 27th Floor.
- Hm (yells).
- [Chigusa] Ouka, wait!
(Ouka grunting)
(dramatic music)
- Hey, are you doing
all right, pal?
- Huh?
- Wait you're from Rivira!
- Master Bors?
- It... It's you guys.
Thank the gods, I'm safe.
I am safe, right?
(Bors grunts)
(water splashes)
- Did you make it
here all alone?
What happened to the others
who joined the manhunt?
- [Bors] They were murdered.
Every last one of them.
My men included.
- Huh?
- Wait,
but didn't you have a bunch
of high-class adventures
who went along with you?
- How are there no survivors?
I refuse to believe that shit!
- Simmer down.
You mean it's all Gale Wind?
She single-handedly wiped
out your entire party?
- No, not her. It
was an Irregular.
It was a new type of beast.
I mean, I've never seen
anything like it before.
- A new type?
- And I'm pretty sure
that you guys must
have heard it too.
That deafening roar
when it spawned.
- Hmm. I see.
That was the sound
of the Dungeon setting
free some monstrosity.
- It is The Great Disaster.
- That thing, it was unreal.
It can rip you apart with just
a single swipe of its claws.
Worst of all, you have no
chance of outrunning it.
- Pardon me, Master Bors.
- Huh?
- If I may,
what happened to Master Bell?
- Hmm. Poor little Rabbit
Foot didn't make it.
(Welf and Cassandra gasp)
Got one of his arms blown off.
And the way his neck
snapped, I doubt he survived.
(tense music)
- You're lying.
- It's the truth, I tell you!
That poor dumb, Rabbit Foot.
And Gale Wind tried
to protect me,
but it killed all of them!
A blood bath!
That monster massacred everyone!
- You're lying!
Master Bell can't die!
He's the one person in the
world who can't abandon me!
- Hey, calm down a Lil' Bit.
(Lili sobbing)
- But Master Bell can't be...
There's no way! He would
never do something like that.
I know him! (sobs)
He just can't be. (sobs)
- This can be true.
Anybody but him.
(Lili sobbing)
(water rustling)
(monster growling)
(growling intensifies)
- Time to scoot.
- Let's hurry up.
(all panting)
(dramatic music)
- [Lili] Master Bell is dead?
If that's really true, if he
isn't alive anymore, then-
- [Aisha] Monster incoming!
(Lili grunts)
(monster snarls)
- [Lili] Then there's
no point to any of this.
- Holy crap, they're
coming from the front!
(monsters growling)
(Welf grunts)
(fireball whooshing)
(dramatic music)
(dramatic music continues)
(weapon clicks)
- [Welf] It's gonna shatter
the next time I use it.
And when that happens,
we're screwed.
(dramatic music)
- [Ouka] Hm.
(dramatic music fades)
(glass shattering)
- [Daphne] Mm.
- [Ouka] It's a dead end.
- [Lili] If monsters
attack us here,
there's quite literally
no way out.
We need to hurry.
We need to get out of here
as quickly as possible.
But everyone's exhausted.
And besides, Master
Bell is gone.
- Hmm.
- Bors, question.
- Yeah.
- I want you to tell
me everything you saw.
- Huh? But I already told you.
- In more detail this time
from beginning to end.
Specifically the part about
the creature attacking Bell.
And no doom-and-gloom crap.
Describe to me exactly
what went down there.
- (growls) Rabbit Foot, he...
That thing ripped his
arm off with its claws.
(somber music)
And well, then the poor fella
took a pretty nasty blow
directly to the
back of the neck.
(somber music)
His bones made a cracking noise.
Look, I'm sorry, but I know a
fatal injury when I see one.
(somber music)
- And then what?
Are you telling me that you
actually saw Bell Cranel's body,
saw his corpse?
- Huh? Well, not exactly.
(Lili gasps)
- But I saw Gale Wind casting
some sort of healing magic.
And magic can't fix
wounds like that.
- Hold on a minute!
So there's no way we can be
absolutely sure he's dead!
For all we know, he could
still be alive out there!
- Hmm. I don't know.
Given everything the
kid's been through,
he'd have to be
hangin' by a thread
but I suppose it's possible.
- (exhales) It's Master Bell.
Knowing him, I bet he's alive.
- Uh-huh. I got no doubt
he managed to make it.
Our captain doesn't
give up so easily.
- You heard the man.
It means the plan,
it has not changed!
We keep heading towards
the safety point
on the Lower Floors.
We might have one foot in the
grave by the time we get there
but we will find Bell Cranel.
- Lady, I just said
there's an abomination
roamin' the 27th Floor!
I ain't goin' down there!
It'll be a cold day in Hell
before I do that shit! (grunts)
- I seem to remember
a little something
about Gale Wind protecting you.
And I believe Bell Cranel
saved your ass
a few times too, didn't he?
(Bors grunts)
Do it for Bell Cranel
or for Gale Wind.
If you have any sense of
gratitude, then man the hell up.
(Bors grunts)
- A sliver of hope still
remains. Perhaps for us as well.
- (sighs) So what you're saying
is we're about to
embark on a very long,
very unforgiving journey.
Again.
- Hm.
- [Lili] She rallied
the whole party.
That's the power of
Antianeira, Lv. 4.
Ordinarily, it would've been
my job as the commander.
I need to work on getting
stronger.
- Okay, if we're gonna
travel farther down,
we should head back to the
normal route.
There's basically only one
way into this room, right?
We have to leave soon or else
we're gonna get pulverized
by those monsters
from the main area.
- While you make a good
point, I do have concerns.
- Let's take a short break
first, all right everybody?
Sounds good to me. I'll
stand guard over by the exit.
Hey, Bors, lend me
a hand, wouldja?
- [Bors] Sure (sighs).
- [Lili] Thank you,
Lady Aisha, Master Bors.
She may have gotten
everyone on the same page,
but that doesn't necessarily
mean our situation's improved.
Protect ourselves
and then slip away.
That's the goal, but we need
a strategy to pull it off.
- [Welf] What do we do now?
How are we supposed
to reach Bell?
If only I had another
magic sword,
we could fight our
way outta here.
This thing's got one swing
left before it breaks.
And it's not enough to
keep the party safe.
There's nothing left I can do.
We can't survive on
one swing of the sword.
No, stop it. Think.
Think, Welf! (growls)
Here we are in danger
with no magic sword,
and that's supposed
to be my job!
- Here, Master Welf.
It's not much but you
should eat something.
- All right. Thanks.
(Lili giggles)
(gentle music)
How can I help these guys out?
As a blacksmith, what
can I do to give back?
Lady Hephaistos. What's my
best course of action here?
- Hammer and metal.
And so long as you've got a
healthy flame,
you can forge weapons anywhere.
(Welf gasps)
(water rustling)
- [Welf] All right, everyone.
- Huh?
- Hmm?
- You willing to trust
me with your lives?
(all murmuring)
- What do you mean by that?
- I'm gonna wrestle up some
magic swords.
- [Cassandra] Huh?
- Wait a minute.
Explain what you mean.
- I'll build a makeshifts
workshop. Do you follow me?
Then I can craft new blades.
- But that's-
- You mean,
you want to set up a forge
to make swords here?
You do know we could be
attacked at any given moment!
- Bingo.
- How can you suggest
something so absurd?
This isn't even a safety point.
How can you make weapons
in the middle of a Floor
crawling with danger?
Don't you need tools
and a hearth?!
And the materials to
actually make the swords?!
- Already covered. I
brought tools for repairs.
(Lili gasps)
I can light a fire with
the last blade we have.
And I picked up some
materials. It's Adamantite.
AKA the most precious
ore in the whole Dungeon.
- Yes, but-
- We wanna wreck those
ugly monsters, right?
And make it to the 27th
Floor in one piece?
This is our way.
The magic weapons,
they'll take us.
(Lili gasps)
Heads up once I start the
forging process.
I won't be able to move.
Which means until I'm finished,
you have to protect me.
I'll be trusting you with my
life as well.
- You're making no sense!
Have you lost your damn mind?!
Who'd agree to a crazy
plan like that?!
- I don't care whether
you think it's crazy!
Do you have a better idea?! No?
Then do you have faith
in me or not?! Well!?
Speak up!
(dramatic music)
- Hm.
- All right, let me
ask you a question.
Can you swing it?
Be honest with me.
(dramatic music)
- You've got the hammer,
you've got the metal.
So okay, Welf,
there's only one thing you
need to ask yourself now.
Your fire. Is it burning
brightly?
And be truthful.
- Of course I can.
I've got a hammer and some
metal and a healthy flame.
I can forge anywhere!
I'm a blacksmith!
It's all I need!
- Hm. Okay then, go for it.
- Yeah, forge away. (chuckles)
- All right, Welf,
you can do it.
- (sighs) Okay, if you must.
- Yeah, I kind of had a
feeling this was gonna happen.
- Did you really?
- Screw it. I ain't
gonna stop ya.
(dramatic music)
- We trust you with our
lives. Now get to it.
- Roger.
- Everyone in your battle
formations.
We're doing everything
we can for Crozzo!
(dramatic music)
- No matter what happens
don't let the monsters
get close to Master Welf.
Is that clear?
- Mm.
- Hm.
(dramatic music)
(flame whooshing)
(weapon shattering)
(dramatic music)
- Here goes nothing.
(Ending song)
- [Cassandra] Next time:
"Welf Crozzo."